sports
Visiting my companion
working in the office
le fait d’être priver d'une partie de ma famille 
Travel
Being able to physically see friends 
Friends
Not being able to see my family that lives far away from me
Everything I had. Health, muscles, will to live, girlfriend, not addicted to porn, shopping, eating nice meals, and people mind their own business.
my friends
The routine (lecture hall, see friends ...)
Gym
running outside for long distance, going out with friends, playing volleyball, going out to where and when I want
Concerts
To Drive
Going to the university with my friends and enjoying our classes together
Sport
girlfriend
I miss the feeling of freedom to do what I want the time I want
Taking (usually long) walks outside
seeing my girlfriend
Le vrai contact avec les gens
Routine Freedom
My family
Going out to eat makis with my friends
Going out to eat makis with my friends
Parties with my friends
Meeting the people I love like my family, my partner and family. Then I also missed a lot having time to break with work routines as I usually did by going to do a beer, do a walk at the mountain, go swimming, ...
Nothing
Basketball and off-line classes
Home
My friends
To see friend
having a necessary reason to get out of bed in the morning, 
I'm loosing my mind
Cinemas, museums, cultural activities
Friends
Watching soccer and my boyfriend
Walking all the day.
Going to the gym
Human interaction and a proper educative sistem that cares about students and how they learn
Friends
Friends 
Company, not being alone, having time to relax
My boyfriend
Going out, meeting friends and having nice topics to talk about, not always sad and stressful topics
Physical human interaction 
Social contact.
Social interaction (also my favourite coffee shop)
More empathy.
"les ami(e)s, la famille et les cours/td ""dynamiques"""
the sunny weather
Physically meeting with friends (going to a caffeteria, cinema or conventions)
Friends
studying routine
Salir al cine o al parque
Friend contact 
Hang out with friends and go to the school 
leaving home
interacción social
Seeing others in person
Attending my lab
Familly, money, paid jobs
Friends
"AS seen in my answers i don't need to socialize that much, but taking away the little interaction i had face to face felt really bad. This added to the fact that my exercicing was one of the top things that make me feel good was the two worst things to happen to me.
I'd say this 2 things scalated to all my problems, i have a very high selfsteem,  but i couldnt help feeling myself losing muscle and gaining weight and that hurt me in the way i felt with myself on an emotional level; for example."
My friends and college experience
Friends/family in social interactions.
Mainly to my friends, social gatherings and even going to school.
friends
Motivation
Las relaciones sociales
Be free
Social interaction
I missed my friends of course. At least, I've been with my family.
That I could not go to see my friends and go out to clubs and cultural places in the city, as well as the fact that the gym is closed, meaning it is much more difficult for me to get my daily dose of exercise.
Meeting with my sister who lives abroad and couldn't come home.
Contact, in general.
旅游！
Going out with friends, to eat, to visit friends/meet new people
Cinema and restaurants
hiking
Estados alterados de conciencia 
Going out with friends
regular interactions with friends during class, meetings, etc.
Seeing my friends
The contact with family
the sun
The time that I spent training with my friends some sport
Drinking a beer with my friends and talking about/keeping in touch with LGTB+ issues (news, series and gossips)
My GF and my homies
Going to physical classes
Vivre seule et voir mes amis 
Facilities at the office (printer, screen, good chair, desk large enough...)
restaurants
My girlfriend
Seeing people
Travelling
nothing
social interaction
Friends
Seeing other peoples (friend, family, boyfriend...)and going out
Going to uni
Restaurants, Rugby (on TV and with my friends)
Go to restaurants, cafes and shops 
Team sport (rugby) : playing and watching on TV
Freedom
Voir des gens
My boyfriend. 
Going out with friends
hug my grandparents
Meeting friends
Dressing well 
Friends
Being alone in my studio.
Meeting people, go outside, seeing my friends and family in real life
Metting with friends 
My boyfriend
Cinéma 
Amis, famille, sport
Friends
Freedom
Talking with friends, going outside, seeing other people than my family 
Friends
Social And physical interaction 
Friends
Naps
Having a workplace.
Being with my friends
University
Seeing friends and family
Friends and walks
 following of supervisors  
Interactions and working (internship cancelled)
Go outside to have a promenade or to bike, and go to the restaurant.
Going outside, using the public transports, go to the sport clubs
Social interactions
Going to church
Se promener dans la forêt. 
Wandering around the city (Paris), restaurants and parties 
De pouvoir sortir à l'extérieur, voir la nature
Hanging out with friends and hiking
Collective sport and familly
Social interaction 
doing sports, see my friends outside and travelling
Cinéma 
Sports
Nature and family 
See my friends and to go to the horse-riding 
Sport
People, lived alone personally 
study and happiness 
Seeing friends and having fun outside
freedom of going outside
Hard to tell. Probably the serenity of being on my own.
Fresh air and long walks
My parents
Real social interactions
Seeing my friends
See friends and going out for real
go skiing
For a long time I did not  have much things/work to do, which was not easy to handle.
TP or exercises to help to understand the lessons 
Mes amis et mon appartement
me balader, aller à l'extérieur 
Go shopping together with my family
Spending time with friends, doing something together.
Nothing I loved quarantine 
Les balades en forêt et la liberté 
Restaurants
doing sports with friends
Mindfulness
not so many people in the street
Distractions from my depression
Human contact, especially with my family.
Meet friends
Social interactions and walking in the street
running free
Social interaction
Real contact with people, going out to enjoy time with friends
Social interactions
Phsically seeing some of my friends I used to see a lot
Rock climbing
sortir, voir des gens, sa copine
Friends 
University and sun
relationships with girls
Sex
Go to restaurants or other public services
Biking !
My liberty (habits and friends)
The fact that I was less anxious about everything.
Meeting with people face to face and going at restaurants
my boyfriend
Going out
My job
Going out, meeting friends and having nice topics to talk about, not always sad and stressful topics
Dance classes
voir mes amis 
Hanging out with my friends 
Mostly attending classes, as I am following a preparatory course for engineer schools exams, it is when I have most social interactions 
the interraction with other students and the motivation to study and be regular, and also a physical exercises
Social interaction, go to the cinema, restaurant, meet new people
my boyfriend
Ir a la universidad y salir a tomar algo con amigos
Les intéractions sociales (voir de la famille et des amis) en général 
Social interactions with friends
Being with others ppl than my family
University
Cinemas
Others
Going to the university and seeing my friends in live
My family at home
Student Associations
Un rythme de vie normal (se lever tôt, aller à l’université, ...)
Nothing
Seeing friends
Interaction with people other than my family
social interactions
Being with my friends
nothing
Going out with friends
Sport (judo)
Social interactions in person
.
Les personnes qui se remettent en question.
The Sun 🌞 and eating something else then my own food
Déplacement
L'ennui principalement causé par le manque d'interaction sociale.
Le contact social.
l'université ! 
in real life class
léger manque d'interaction sociale, manque de motivation pour le travail scolaire en autonomie
Aller à l'université
Go out for lunch, activities..
rien
Suivre les cours en présentiel
my best friend and junk food.
Being with others ppl than my family
social interaction irl
social life
It's probably the forest fresh air.
Moving
go at school. 
"Going out
"
classes and my girlfriend
Nothing
Sortir 
social interaction
Having music lessons at conservatory 
my friends 
Going out to touristic open places such as the London Eye
Le contact direct
Face-to-face interactions with my friends.
Documents and lessons that were mostly not available online for my courses
Friends and going out
Not feeling useless
food
I missed the most going out for a meal with my friends.
Seeing friends
faire du sport en exterieur
Hugs 
Going out every day and doing sport and moving 
family
What I missed the most was not to see my family (grand-parents, cousins...).
my boyfriend
les regroupements avec les amis
Going out
Knowing new people
Social interaction
Seeing my friends in person all together and meeting new people in person 
My boyfriend
school
Difficile à réaliser
Martial art in my dojo
Ma mère 
Seeing people.
Contact with others
Interactions 
Liberty
Being on campus
Seeing my boyfriend
Hanging out with friends. 
My girlfriend 
Social interactions
My friends
seeing friends andd outdoor sports
Going to the movies
Seeing friends and working with a team in the same room
les amis, le campus
Interacting with teachers and friends/studying at the library
Contact
Friends , student life 
Friends / independence 
A closer contact with my friends
Quarantine with friends
I miss hanging out with friends and having some free time
Hanging out in pubs
Sport
Seeing my girlfriend and going out with her
going out
Parks and campus
Every routine like work 
Restaurants
people
Going out with friends to restaurants, bars and cinema
Social interactions in real life
Peaceful time
Having a lot of time to spend with family
Hanging out with my friends and taking part in/organizing great events
Walking 
Basketball
friends
mental health
A regular schedule/routine and a required presence in the classrooms, that helps keep a good work regularity
Friends
Sport
My boyfriend + Daily social routine
Associations
Be close to people
My campus and my friends
Parties and restaurants with friends
Friends and hugs
My friends
After-school activities and associations
Nights with friends
Having a coffee or a glass of wine on a terrasse, walking on the streets, family and friends, traveling, people’s consideration to young people/professionals (and not only for elders), working 
Museums and playhouses
Contact with other people
My boyfriend. More precisely, feeling less lonely and have interaction with somebody, having affection
All activities planned with university oraganizations, freedom of displacement
Going out with my friends
"Going (physically) to school, and getting into the ""vibe"" of studying (by going to the study rooms, library, etc.)"
Friends
Social interaction
my friends
Friends, terrasses and co-workers 
Going out
Nature, the sky, the sun 
Some big events i should have participated in / organized qith my friends (in student associations)
Some friends 
gym
Seeing my friends
Fitness room
my lifestyle
Good food
Physical interactions, seeing friends
Social interactions
a place to study
Going outside 
Social interactions
Real interaction, percepetion of freedom
Interaction
Meeting with friends over a pizza or drink
Social interaction with friends
seeing my friends (I was in singapore and my only relative were friends)
Friends and parties
Interaction with friends
My family 
Social interaction
To be allowed to walk or exercise in parks 
People 
Restaurants, cinema, swimming pools...
My friends
Seeing my friends, spending time in a classroom, getting feedback from the teachers and the administration
Seeing friend, hanging out
Social interaction and affection 
friends
Going outside
My friends
Seeing friends
Being with friends
Seeing friends
Associative events 
Walking
Parties and sport events
Extra - scolar activities 
Physical contact with friends (going out to the cinema, restaurant, make some sports together...)
Seeing other people IRL
sports
Rowing
Restaurant
Friends, parties 
Interactions with people and all the events that were cancelled at school 
"The ""right"" to do nothing, time to be creative"
Going out for a walk with my family and friends
Hang out with friends 
Playing music with others
Meeting new people.
Social interactions and free time
Seeing people in real, especialy my friends  
parties and events on the campus
Be me by not being at my parents' house
La possibilité de se réunir en famille ou entre amis
Friends
friends and new meetings
Social life
Social interactions with my peers, activities organized by my university, ...
party
Meeting physically with people
Going out with friends
 friends and work
hugs
I missed the campus, parties, friends and also associative life
A solid economy (before the quarantine I thought I could have a good job and a good wadge when I will be graduated and I worked extremely hard like 14 hours a day during the 2 years of my prépa classes for this purpose), then friends because I could not meet them, finally family because I met only my parents. 
Football
Culture
Hanging out with friends
Friends and parties
Friends and life on the campus
friends, student clubs
friends and the sun
Girlfriend
Physical interactions with others, and parties
Being lost in time 
Contact with others
Seeing friends and doing things together
Somebody to talk with
Friends and social interactions
People close to me
Going out
Friends
Parties
Friends
Having real courses
Parties, restaurants, social interactions
Social interactions
Seeing my friends other than online
hanging out
Quarantine with friends
Meeting and seeing people (and making travel plans)
interactions with friends, going out
Social interaction 
Being lost in time 
Meeting many different people in different settings (work, school, association, bar ...)
Social interaction 
Friends
Gathering with friends
talking
Grand father 
The dynamism of my life (lessons, interaction with people, sport ...) made of a little routine and little unplanned moments. 
My usual sources of income (tutoring for instance and internship)
social interactions
Interacting with people (friends, colleagues, new people)
Access restaurants, cinema
Nature, the sky, the sun 
famille !!! 
The interaction (in real life) and view of many different people (other that my family)
Seeing my friends (in real)
Restaurant
Meeting friends outside and going to restaurants
Being able to meet up with my friends and partner
Speaking to my friends and hang out with them in real life. 
Going out
Crous Resto and hair-cutting service
Meeting people
Social interactions and associative life.
Seeing other people than my family, random chatting in the school
Meeting new people
Outdoor activities
Sport en club et les journées rythmées (horaires) 
meeting new people
Being able to meet up with my friends and partner
"Talking with other students about everything and anything (since when I contacted someone, it was for a given reason, generally related to studies, and we did not have the occasion to ""just talk"" anymore)."
Seeing my friends afk
Visiting Paris
Work schedule was disrupted. Deadlines were not enforced, as professors tried to be understanding to students who might have been affected by Covid. However, knowing this as a student, invalidates the deadlines and causes immense procrastination. I missed normal working conditions and sense of schedule which impacted other facets of my life.
Friends 
My girlfriend who is now my ex
friends, activities outside
Nightclubs
Social interaction, with friends and/or new people
Being able to meet new people
Not being able to move freely, to got out to new places (I'm in a new country but only for 6 months and I was very eager to discover lots of things but I have been stuck home), to gather with friends. Work-wise, remote working worked out pretty well for me but it's good to go back to the HQ a few times a week. 
Being able to meet friends and going out
Purpose
The sea and the beach
Social interaction and liberty. People were afraid of others znd there was a lit of anxiety. Quarantine is not a solution when there are so many inequalties. 
Attending courses together, collective sport
Girlfriend
Mon petit ami
Friends, parties
Going out with friends and hugging
Seeing my boyfriend
Seeing my boyfriend
Physical contact with people, doing new things...
Going out and having group activities (theater, group reunions...)
Seeing my boyfriend
Social interaction, climbing gyms, nature
Going out for a walk with my family and friends
BEER
"physical interactions, 

question 23 : why do you ask the question if we do not have the choice ?"
My friends and my family
Be close to people
My friends. 
Party
Physical interactions
Cultural life: théâtres, muséums, cinema
Social interaction
le toss et le nepal
Friends and football
Social interaction, climbing gyms, nature
Social Interactions and Events, Exchange with others since I returned to my home country
Having a clear goal for my daily life
My family 
Making new friends
Les contacts humains. 
Practicing volleyball and partying 
meeting other people
Friends and social interaction
Social interactions with friends, meeting new people.
Practising sports at the university.
Going out to the restaurant, cinema. Going outside to meet friends
Freedom
Meet with friends 
Friends
Seeing friends in real life
social interaction
Dancing 
Being able to see my friends
The freedom of going out whenever you want
Girlfriend
Seeing my friends
Seeing my friends.
Walks and friends not with me
Gym, parties, real social interaction. 
Interaction with friends
See Friends instead of on line chat
Opportunities to develop relationships with people
restaurants
Going out with friends
Friends and sport
friends and lover
Going out withoug worrying about the virus
My friends and my usual physical activities
Being free
My association
My girlfriend and I still do
friend relationship
Friends
Social interactions 
Big events. Seeing hundreds of people
social interactions and changing environment
Be close to people
Meeting friends and enjoying my activities in associations
Friends and social interactions
Friends
Meeting my lover
My friends & family
Friends and parties
travelling
Girlfriend
Physical contact
My university 
Physical social interaction
nothing
Family and friends
Seeing my friends and family, because it's not the same in video-conference
Planes
Practicing swimming
Going out with friends 
My family
People
Leaving the house and Seeing my friends everyday 
Hug from a friend.
All-you-can-eat buffets
Going outside
My girlfriend
Going out
All my life. I will now need a lot of time to recover mentally from what happened 
Traveling
Periodic interactions with people in class
Social gatherings and freedom to move 
Sleeping in for late hours
People 
Normal classes and interaction
Having plans with different people 
Friends,interactions
Boyfriend and walking outside
Travel 
Going to large public events, like concerts or parties. Meeting new ppl and hangout
Events and meeting friends to make study worthwhile
going out
Having people around
Freedom
Meeting new people, my bi-weekly aikido (martial art) lessons, eating in restaurants 
Clubbing 
Government & Crous & University's helps and concerns
Peace of Mind
Physical university classes and labs
Loss of the chance to travel
seeing friends and traveling 
I spent a lot of time with my family, at the beginning it was nice but 3 months are too much. Maybe I can say I miss the free time I had in March, but obviously it is much better now. 
Routine
Interacting with people in reality, not only online.
Physical social interaction with friends
social interaction 
Meeting physically with friends and enjoying with them at the university. It is very pity of us that we are missing one of the important phases of our masters during this period.
Social interaction, both for personal life and studies. Video-conferences are nowhere near as engaging and effective as physical presence is. I know many universities are planning to continue with remote lessons, and I think this is going be really detrimental to the students' performance and health.
Studying with friends
Hanging out with friends. Dance class. Football practice. Going to a bar. Going clubbing. Most of these are finally coming back now, so it's a lot better now. Still not allowed to go partying and dancing though, which is something I loved to do.
people
The possibility to go walking
In-person classes
Social interaction 
friends
Going out with friends and meet new people
physical interaction and walks on the sun
Going out during the weekends, meeting with friends and travelling
Normal life
Travelling and get togethers with friends
Physical contact with others
Meeting friends and colleagues
meeting with people
Social outings
Free travel in other countries
The ability to travel. The certainty of making travel / work plans. My friends
Family 
Family 
going outside for a walk

Feeling healthy, I've been sick for 2 months. Not Covid-19, something else and it's partially due to the quarantine.
travelling
Social interaction. Meeting new people and having fun.
sex and human interaction
My family
Specific regulations from goverments for international couples.
Friends and a daily routine
walking and having days not so equal as in quarantine 
All you can eat sushi
Spritz with friends! (going out)
Meeting friends
Going outside and walking in a park
Physical interaction with people
University associations = hobbies/ actions with friends
The possibility to obey buying-impulse for food. (not realy the right place to say it but we had MUCH MORE work during quarantine than in normal times, i barely had enough time to do anything else than studying for 3 months
Stepping out for leisure
Meeting new people and people my age
New people
going to to the sushi restaurant
Freedom
Summer tourism
Meeting friends in class
Traveling and meeting new people
Meeting people every day
Hanging out with friends
Real life 
Meeting friends, going to spas
Resistere - Duo Dinamico
My (long-distance) girlfriend
going out with friends. Since it's a new virus and scientists are discovering new things every day it gives me a sense of uncertainty because I don't know if the protocols I am following are enough.
Interaction with friends during the lectures
My boyfriend
Meeting friends, going to spas
Living the city life, enjoy the sun, running, family and boyfriend (I was blocked in Madrid because they canceled all the flights to go home), interaction with classmates and teachers (working was demotivating, not all the teachers were available)
Both going to the gym and going to night clubs to party
club
Nature
Freedom of choice
The social relationship in the company I was doing my internship in
a routine / structure in my life 
I live in the Nederlands, I missed my family in my home country and my boyfriend that lives in Switzerland
A hug
Spontaneous encounters of people (especially fellow students)
Practising sport. Meeting friends and interact with them, both in academic and social contexts.
People, interactions and sun
Going out with friends
Going to real classes 
I missed my friends and the chance to work in my company physically. 
Eating out
Traveling, gather and social interactions.
Meet people
travel with friends
Wandering alone in the city, doing small shopping and aperitivo
I was an international student, so I felt I'm missing out on a lot of experiences, adventures with my classmate and the city that I've only been living in for one year
See friends 
Paris and my friends I hade to leave behind when i went home to my parants.
Aller se promener en forêt
friends
contact with my friends/going outside ...
Social interaction 
social interactions 
Possibility to make plans for future
variety in days
Being able to work elsewhere than home; drinking together at a bar with friends on Friday evening.
Seeing friends and lover
Family 
outdoor sports
Being able to meet up with my friends and partner
